Flutter split abi (#2844)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/flutter/usage/advanced-usage.mdx

## Dart environment variables

- You can configure the `SENTRY_DSN`, `SENTRY_RELEASE`, `SENTRY_DIST` and `SENTRY_ENVIRONMENT` via the Dart environment variables passing the `--dart-define` flag to the compiler.

## Building specific ABI on Android

The Sentry Flutter SDK includes Sentry Android SDK which bundles multiple native libraries, for multiple ABIs.

> When building a Flutter app for a specific ABI using the `--target-platfort` argument, for example an ARM 32bit apk:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building a Flutter app for a specific ABI using the `--target-platform` argument, for example an ARM 32bit apk, looks like this, which should also include the `--split-per-abi` flag:
```

```sh
flutter build apk --target-platform=android-arm --split-per-abi
```

> Make sure to include the `--split-per-abi` flag.

Reviewer: remove this line if using the edit above

Author: ```suggestion
```
